good morning it's september 20
2020 and it's a sunday
here in l.a the skies are
much clearer still some early morning
fog
very still right now around 59 degrees
fahrenheit 15 celsius
today i'm thinking about the fact that
the nights are getting longer
and the days are getting shorter
so the weather report is going to get a
little later each day
because i get here in the morning and
it's pitch dark
i gotta wait to see what the weather is
and get enough light to shoot the thing
should be going up around 82 degrees
fahrenheit this afternoon
around 27 celsius and today
we should be having blue skies
and golden sunshine all along the way
everyone have a great day